Add normalization parameters to documentation (#152)
Clay-foundation/model: docs/specification.md

![bands](https://github.com/Clay-foundation/model/assets/23487320/85fbc8d2-28f6-4021-855b-c1eb84dd09e3)

### Normalization parameters

> To normalize the data before passing it to the model, we computed the following normalization parameters from a random sample of the the training data. The normalization parameters are used in the [Data Module](https://github.com/Clay-foundation/model/blob/main/src/datamodule.py#L108), for partial

Reviewer: Best to link to a tag reference (v0.0.1) instead of the `main` branch, because the line number might change over time.

```suggestion
To normalize the data before passing it to the model, we computed the following normalization parameters from a random sample of the training data. The normalization parameters are used in the [Data Module](https://github.com/Clay-foundation/model/blob/v0.0.1/src/datamodule.py#L108), for partial
```

inputs it will be necessary to subset these as shown in the partial input tutorial.

> | Band |  Mean    | Standard deviation |
> | -----|----------|--------------------|
> | B02  |  1369.03 | 2026.96            |
> | B03  |  1597.68 | 2011.88            |
> | B04  |  1741.10 | 2146.35            |
> | B05  |  2053.58 | 2138.96            |
> | B06  |  2569.82 | 2003.27            |
> | B07  |  2763.01 | 1962.45            |
> | B08  |  2858.43 | 2016.38            |
> | B8A  |  2893.86 | 1917.12            |
> | B11  |  2303.00 | 1679.88            |
> | B12  |  1807.79 | 1568.06            |
> | VV   |  0.026   | 0.118              |
> | VH   |  0.118   | 0.873              |
> | DEM  |  499.46  | 880.35             |

Reviewer: Match the bands to the satellite (Sentinel-2/Sentinel-1), and mention that the Digital Elevation Model is Copernicus DEM.

```suggestion
| Band           | Mean    | Standard deviation |
|----------------|---------|--------------------|
| Sentinel-2 B02 | 1369.03 | 2026.96            |
| Sentinel-2 B03 | 1597.68 | 2011.88            |
| Sentinel-2 B04 | 1741.10 | 2146.35            |
| Sentinel-2 B05 | 2053.58 | 2138.96            |
| Sentinel-2 B06 | 2569.82 | 2003.27            |
| Sentinel-2 B07 | 2763.01 | 1962.45            |
| Sentinel-2 B08 | 2858.43 | 2016.38            |
| Sentinel-2 B8A | 2893.86 | 1917.12            |
| Sentinel-2 B11 | 2303.00 | 1679.88            |
| Sentinel-2 B12 | 1807.79 | 1568.06            |
| Sentinel-1 VV  | 0.026   | 0.118              |
| Sentinel-1 VH  | 0.118   | 0.873              |
| Copernicus DEM | 499.46  | 880.35             |
```
